README.md, before:

# 2110446 Data Science and Data Engineering @CU (2025/2)

![alt text](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/meme.jpg)

## Syllabus:

[Syllabus](slide/DSDE_Syllabus_2025s2.pdf)

## Code:

### Week01: Intro to Pandas

1. Pandas: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/1_Pandas.ipynb)

2. Pandas with Youtube stat data: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](<https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/2_Pandas_%28Dataset_Trending_YouTube_Video_Statistics%29.ipynb>)

3. (Advanced) Pandas with Youtube stat data: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](<https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/3_Advanced_Pandas_%28Dataset_Trending_YouTube_Video_Statistics%29.ipynb>)

### Week02: Data Preparation

1. Impute Missing Value: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab2_ImputeMissingValue_Pipeline.ipynb)

2. Outliers - Take Log: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab4_Outliers_Titanic_Pipeline.ipynb)

3. Outliers - Remove them with Z-Score: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab5_Outliers_Diabetes_(optional).ipynb)

4. Split Train/Test: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab3_SplitTrainTest.ipynb)



### Week03-04: Traditional ML
#### Week03: Tree-based model, regression
#### Week04: NN, kNN, GridSearch, Pipeline, Evaluation + Clustering

1. Decision Trees: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/1_Decision_Trees_Random_Forests_v3.ipynb)

2. Linear Regression: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/2_Linear_Regression_v2.ipynb)

3. Logistic Regression: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/3_Logistic_Regression_v2.ipynb)

4. Neural Network: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/4_Neural_Network_v3.ipynb)

5. K Nearest Neighbors (GridSearchCV): [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/5_K_Nearest_Neighbors_v2_update_09012025.ipynb)

6. SVM: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/6_Support_Vector_Machine_v2.ipynb)

7. Save and Load Model: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/7_Save_Load_Model_v2.ipynb)

8. K-Means: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/8_K_Means_Clustering_v2.ipynb)

9. Market-Basket Analysis: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/9_Market_Basket_Intro_v2.ipynb)

10. Scikit-learn pipeline: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/10_Scikit_learn_Pipeline.ipynb)

### Week 05: Intro to Deep Learning

1. Image classification with CNN [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/1_Image_classification_CIFAR10_CNN(lightning).ipynb)

2-1. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning).ipynb)
<!--
2-2. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s (PyTorch Lightning) with TensorBoard: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_2_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning)_TensorBoard.ipynb)

2-3. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s (PyTorch Lightning) with Weights & Biases: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_3_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning)_wandb.ipynb)
!-->
2-2. Image classification with EfficientNetb0 (Load a Pretrained Model from Hugging Face) [`PyTorch Lightning`] with Weights & Biases: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_4_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNet(lightning)_wandb_HuggingFace.ipynb)

3-1. Object detection with YOLOv8 (basic script) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/3_2_Object_detection_VOCDetection_yolov8_basic.ipynb)

3-2. Object detection with YOLOv8 (custom dataset) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/3_3_Object_detection_VOCDetection_yolov8_advanced.ipynb)

4. Semantic segmentation with deeplabv3 [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/4_Semantic_segmentation_Camseq_deeplabv3_DataInGD(lightning).ipynb)

5. Image classification with ViT from Hugging Face & TensorBoard [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_1_Huggingface_image_classification_2025s1.ipynb)

6. Time series Forecasting: Stock Price [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/5_Time_series_forecasting_DataInGD_update.ipynb)

### Week06(1): Generative AI (Prompt Engineering, Monitoring, Agentic Workflow, RAG, Fine-tuning)

1. Basic API Call with LangChain [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_1_LLM_Basic_API_Call_LangChain.ipynb)

2. Basic Prompt Engineering [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_2_LLM_Prompt_Engineering_Basic_LangChain.ipynb)

3. Advanced Prompt Engineering [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_3_LLM_Prompt_Engineering_Advanced_LangChain.ipynb)

4. LangChain Playground and Tracking with LangSmith [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_4_LLM_LangChiain_Playground_Tracking_with_LangSmith.ipynb)

5. Basic LangGraph [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_5_LLM_Basic_LangGraph.ipynb)

6. RAG with LangChain and Agentic RAG with LangGraph [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_6_LLM_RAG_LangChain_LangGraph.ipynb)

7. Creating a Simple ReAct Agent using LangGraph [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_7_LLM_Create_a_ReAct_Agent.ipynb)

8. Fine-tuning a Local LLM (Typhoon-7B) [`Hugging Face`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_8_LLM_Typhoon7b_Finetuning_Huggingface.ipynb)


### Week06(2): Text Classification

1. Text Classification (TF-IDF) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_2_tfidf_for_Sentiment_Analysis.ipynb)

2. Text Classification (BERT) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_3_NLP_Transfer_Learning_for_Text_Classification_Using_Hugging_Face_Transformers_Trainer.ipynb#scrollTo=tQqHYsWVTV6D)

3. Text Classification (Phayathaibert) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_4_Wongnai_Review_Rating_Classifiacation_(Pytorch_lightning).ipynb)

4. Multi-label Text Classification (microsoft/deberta-v3-small) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_5_Multi_label_Text_Classification.ipynb)

Commit message:

add: groq api, typhoon text / ocr, other ocrs

README.md, after:

# 2110446 Data Science and Data Engineering @CU (2025/2)

![alt text](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/meme.jpg)

## Syllabus:

[Syllabus](slide/DSDE_Syllabus_2025s2.pdf)

## Code:

### Week01: Intro to Pandas

1. Pandas: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/1_Pandas.ipynb)

2. Pandas with Youtube stat data: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](<https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/2_Pandas_%28Dataset_Trending_YouTube_Video_Statistics%29.ipynb>)

3. (Advanced) Pandas with Youtube stat data: [![Open In Colab](https://github.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/image/colab-badge.svg?raw=true)](<https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week01_Intro_Pandas/3_Advanced_Pandas_%28Dataset_Trending_YouTube_Video_Statistics%29.ipynb>)

### Week02: Data Preparation

1. Impute Missing Value: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab2_ImputeMissingValue_Pipeline.ipynb)

2. Outliers - Take Log: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab4_Outliers_Titanic_Pipeline.ipynb)

3. Outliers - Remove them with Z-Score: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab5_Outliers_Diabetes_(optional).ipynb)

4. Split Train/Test: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week02_DataPrep/Lab3_SplitTrainTest.ipynb)



### Week03-04: Traditional ML
#### Week03: Tree-based model, regression
#### Week04: NN, kNN, GridSearch, Pipeline, Evaluation + Clustering

1. Decision Trees: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/1_Decision_Trees_Random_Forests_v3.ipynb)

2. Linear Regression: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/2_Linear_Regression_v2.ipynb)

3. Logistic Regression: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/3_Logistic_Regression_v2.ipynb)

4. Neural Network: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/4_Neural_Network_v3.ipynb)

5. K Nearest Neighbors (GridSearchCV): [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/5_K_Nearest_Neighbors_v2_update_09012025.ipynb)

6. SVM: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/6_Support_Vector_Machine_v2.ipynb)

7. Save and Load Model: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/7_Save_Load_Model_v2.ipynb)

8. K-Means: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/8_K_Means_Clustering_v2.ipynb)

9. Market-Basket Analysis: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/9_Market_Basket_Intro_v2.ipynb)

10. Scikit-learn pipeline: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week03_ML/10_Scikit_learn_Pipeline.ipynb)

### Week 05: Intro to Deep Learning

1. Image classification with CNN [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/1_Image_classification_CIFAR10_CNN(lightning).ipynb)

2-1. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning).ipynb)
<!--
2-2. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s (PyTorch Lightning) with TensorBoard: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_2_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning)_TensorBoard.ipynb)

2-3. Image classification with EfficientNetV2s (PyTorch Lightning) with Weights & Biases: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_3_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNetV2(lightning)_wandb.ipynb)
!-->
2-2. Image classification with EfficientNetb0 (Load a Pretrained Model from Hugging Face) [`PyTorch Lightning`] with Weights & Biases: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/2_4_Image_classification_Animal_EfficientNet(lightning)_wandb_HuggingFace.ipynb)

3-1. Object detection with YOLOv8 (basic script) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/3_2_Object_detection_VOCDetection_yolov8_basic.ipynb)

3-2. Object detection with YOLOv8 (custom dataset) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/3_3_Object_detection_VOCDetection_yolov8_advanced.ipynb)

4. Semantic segmentation with deeplabv3 [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/4_Semantic_segmentation_Camseq_deeplabv3_DataInGD(lightning).ipynb)

5. Image classification with ViT from Hugging Face & TensorBoard [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_1_Huggingface_image_classification_2025s1.ipynb)

6. Time series Forecasting: Stock Price [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week04_DL/5_Time_series_forecasting_DataInGD_update.ipynb)

### Week06(1): Generative AI (Prompt Engineering, Monitoring, Agentic Workflow, RAG, Fine-tuning)

1. Basic API Call with LangChain [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_1_LLM_Basic_API_Call_LangChain.ipynb)

2. Basic Prompt Engineering [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_2_LLM_Prompt_Engineering_Basic_LangChain.ipynb)

3. Advanced Prompt Engineering [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_3_LLM_Prompt_Engineering_Advanced_LangChain.ipynb)

4. LangChain Playground and Tracking with LangSmith [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_4_LLM_LangChiain_Playground_Tracking_with_LangSmith.ipynb)

5. Basic LangGraph [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_5_LLM_Basic_LangGraph.ipynb)

6. RAG with LangChain and Agentic RAG with LangGraph [`API`] [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_6_LLM_RAG_LangChain_LangGraph.ipynb)

<!-- 
7. Creating a Simple ReAct Agent using LangGraph [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_7_LLM_Create_a_ReAct_Agent.ipynb) -->

### Week06(2): Text Classification

1. Text Classification (TF-IDF) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_2_tfidf_for_Sentiment_Analysis.ipynb)

2. Text Classification (BERT) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_3_NLP_Transfer_Learning_for_Text_Classification_Using_Hugging_Face_Transformers_Trainer.ipynb#scrollTo=tQqHYsWVTV6D)

3. Text Classification (Phayathaibert) [`PyTorch Lightning`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_4_Wongnai_Review_Rating_Classifiacation_(Pytorch_lightning).ipynb)

4. Multi-label Text Classification (microsoft/deberta-v3-small) [`PyTorch`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week05_AdvancedML/5_5_Multi_label_Text_Classification.ipynb)

### Week06(3): Typhoon LLM 

1. Typhoon Text Model [`API / Hugging Face`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_8_Typhoon_Text_Inference.ipynb)


2. Typhoon OCR [`API / Hugging Face`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_9_Typhoon_OCR_v1_5_Modified_Demo.ipynb)


    - Other OCR (1) : LightOn OCR [`Hugging Face`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_11_LightOn_OCR.ipynb)


    - Other OCR (2) : Tesseract OCR: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_12_Tesseract_OCR.ipynb)


3. Fine-tuning a Local LLM (Typhoon-7B) [`Hugging Face`]: [![Open In Colab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/main/image/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pvateekul/2110446_DSDE_2025s2/blob/main/code/Week07_GenerativeAI/7_10_LLM_Typhoon7b_Finetuning_Huggingface.ipynb)
